---
title: Ongoing Reporting
banner:
  src: /img/accounting.jpg
  alt: Accounting
---

Continuing Disclosure
---------------------

Most issuers of municipal bonds must disclose and provide information which will enable
investors to make informed decisions regarding their investments.

Since the adoption of Rule 15c2-12 by the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) to increase
reliability of disseminated information, several amendments have been made which now include
continuing disclosure (disclosure and operating information filed annually) and the disclosure of
material events.

As a continuing disclosure agent K&G Public Finance will provide the necessary services to satisfy the
requirements of disclosure obligations and as stipulated in the Continuing Disclosure Agreement and
other related bond documents.

---

CDIAC debt issuance reporting
-----------------------------

California government code prescribes that certain information be reported to the California Debt
and Investment Advisory Commission (CDIAC) annually regarding public debt issued by state and local
government agencies, and mandates additional reporting requirements specific to debt issuances for
Mello-Roos Community Facilities Districts.

Furthermore, agencies throughout the year must report any draws upon the reserve fund in order to
service debt and/or interest payments, and especially any defaults on payments.

K&G Public Finance can offer years of experience in post-issuance compliance, and has presented at annual
workshops hosted by CDIAC.

::card
Pursuant to the amended Mello-Roos Community Facilities Act of 1982, agencies that have issued
Community Facilities District bonds after January 1, 1993 must file a report with CDIAC by October
30th of every year until the bond issuance is retired.

#header
[1. Yearly Fiscal Status Reports]{.block .text-lg}
[California Gov. Code ยง 53359.5](https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displaySection.xhtml?lawCode=GOV&sectionNum=53359.5.){.text-sm}
::


::card
All municipal agencies that have issued public debt on or after January 21, 2017 must comply with
additional reporting requirements mandated by Senate Bill 1029. Annual reports must be filed with
CDIAC within six months of the end of every fiscal year until the bond issuance is retired.

#header
[2. Annual Debt Transparency Report]{.block.text-lg}
[California Gov. Code ยง 8855 (k)](https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displaySection.xhtml?lawCode=GOV&sectionNum=8855.){.text-sm}
::

::card
Pursuant to the amended Marks-Roos Local Bond Pooling Act of 1985, agencies that have issued bonds
after January 1, 1996, for which proceeds go to acquire one or more local obligations or transfers
funds to a local obligor, must file a report with CDIAC by October 30th of every year until the
bond issuance is retired.

#header
[3. Marks-Roos Yearly Fiscal Status Report for Authority Issue]{.block .text-lg}
[California Gov. Code ยง 6599.1](https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displaySection.xhtml?lawCode=GOV&sectionNum=6599.1.){.text-sm}
::

---

Special Tax and Bond Accountability Reporting
---------------------------------------------

The Local Agency Special Tax and Bond Accountability Act (Accountability Act) was enacted by
California State Legislature through Senate Bill 165 to provide accountability measures for any
local special tax and/or bond measure subject to voter approval on or after January 1, 2001.

According to the requirements of the Accountability Act (Sections 50075.1 and 53410 of the
Government Code of the State of California), an annual report must be filed by the local agency
levying a special tax and/or issuing a bond measure on or before each January 1 and shall contain
a description of the following:

1. The amount of funds collected and expended to fund authorized facilities and services in the
   previous fiscal year.

2. The status of any project required or authorized to be funded by the special tax and/or bond
   measure.

K&G Public Finance prepares the necessary reporting in compliance with the Accountability Act.
