---
title: 'KGPF - Service - Developer Fee Studies'
---

Developer fee studies
=====================

---

In the context of skyrocketing construction costs and a considerable backlog in state funding from
the School Facilities Program, school districts have increasingly needed to rely on locally funded
financing mechanisms to provide for their facility needs. K&G Public Finance brings years of
experience in assisting school districts on a wide variety of financing solutions, and has taken on
a leading voice in addressing the unique funding challenges school districts face in the state of
California. In an environment where developers have every incentive to scrutinize development fee
studies, we have maintained a proven track record of successfully defending our conclusions against
challenges from external agencies and parties.

At K&G Public Finance, our analyses are backed by a strong understanding of legal precedent in the
interpretation of relevant code sections, as well as meticulous research of local indicators and
development activity. In a state as diverse as California, we believe that there are few
<q>one-size-fits-all</q> answers for school districts, which is why we model facilities cost impacts on
the basis of local real estate, employment, and demographic trends to derive the most robust nexus
between local development and fees possible.

<!-- Services offered include the justification of developer fees and preparation of regulatory -->
<!-- transparency reports. -->

### We provide developer fee study services and expert insight for:

::description-card{hoverable}
#header
Fee Justification

#default

The State Allocation Board adjusts the maximum Level I Fees in even-numbered years. School districts
are authorized to levy school fees in order to offset the impacts to school facilities from new
residential and commercial/industrial development.

In order to levy statutory fees (Level I Fees), a school district must prepare and adopt a *Fee
Justification Study* (FJS) pursuant to and in accordance with California State law.

::

::description-card{hoverable}
#header
School Facilities Needs Analyses

#default

School districts that meet certain requirements have the option of adopting alternative school fees
(also known as Level II and Level III Fees), beyond the Level I Fee, that may be collected from new
residential housing to finance new school facilities.

K&G Public Finance assists clients in the determination of eligibility to adopt alternative school
fees, and in the preparation of *School Facilities Needs Analysis* (SFNA). This report serves as the
legal basis for justifying the collection of alternative school fees.

::

::description-card{hoverable}
#header
Combined Annual and Five-Year Developer Fee Reports

#default

State code prescribes that local agencies collecting fees for development projects must adhere to
specific reporting requirements concerning the collection and use of fees within 180 days of the end
of every fiscal year following the first deposit of fees.

Additionally, local agencies must fulfill reporting requirements on intended uses of unexpended
funds every five years. Clients typically opt to combine annual and five-year reporting requirements
into a Combined Annual and Five-Year Developer Fee Report each year; however, reports may also be
completed separately.

::
